`````
Material Market

# Material Publish

Understand the material release process.
`````

*Auto translate by google.*

First of all, it needs to be clear that the materials exist in the form of NPM packages and are hosted on NPM. The materials platform only summarizes your material information and displays it, and provides better team collaboration and material sharing capabilities.

**Note**: Only the owner of the NPM package can publish and synchronize material information.
**Note**: When publishing to NPM, make sure that the remote repository has push permission and is the maintainer of the NPM package.

## Publish to NPM

After completing the development and testing of the material, you can publish it to NPM. You can choose to manually use `npm publish` to send the package, or use the `arco publish` command provided by arco-scripts. This command will greatly improve the package delivery process. simplify.

```bash
arco publish
```

`arco publish` will pop up a drop-down option to select the version that needs to be published (selected in strict accordance with the version generated by the Semver specification).

## Initialize material information

This command will generate the `arcoMeta.json` file in the project root directory with the following fields:

```
{
  "private": false,
  "name": "@arco-design/hello-arco",
  "title": "Arco sample material",
  "description": "",
  "type": "react-component",
  "category": ["Other"],
  "group": 0,
  "homepage": "",
  "repository": "",
  "author": "arco",
  "package": {
    "type": "npm",
    "name": "",
    "version": "",
    "registry": "",
    "peerDependencies": []
  }
}
```

In the Lerna project, you can execute the `arco generate` command in any directory under any directory.

## Synchronize material information

When publishing to NPM for the first time or modifying the `arco.meta.json` field, you need to run the following command to synchronize it to the material platform.

```bash
arco sync
```

In the Lerna project, you can execute the `arco sync` command in any directory under any directory.

## Specify the material version

After the material information is successfully synchronized, the NPM package related information in `arcoMeta.json` will be automatically added. The material version used by the material platform can be specified through the `package.version` field. The following are two different ways of writing the `version` field:

- `latest`: Incoming dist-tags, using this method can avoid the need to manually synchronize material information after each release. Use `npm view` to view the currently available dist-tags;
- `1.0.0`: Pass in the specific version number. After each NPM release, you need to manually execute `arco sync` to update the version number.

## Demo preview before release

Execute the `arco preview` command to preview the material details page. You can execute the NPM package after ensuring that everything is as expected. The tool will start the file server from the current folder, and the material website will try to obtain the `dist` and `docs/README locally. .md` files.
